>> Steve: But first,
why isn't it gonna work?
>> Speaker 2: Permissions.
>> Steve: Permissions.
Permissions, the idea of either reading or
writing is going to blow up.
Because we went from a wild west of,
do whatever you want to the database,
to nothing, unless we say so.
So now, it means we have to say so.
>> Steve: Cool, so
let's flip over to those rules,
>> Steve: And
we're gonna add a second rule here.
>> Steve: We're gonna say, for matching,
>> Steve: userId,
>> Steve: It's a profile,
there's nothing secret in it, so
we're gonna allow anyone to read them.
You can imagine a world where
it's like Twitter, eventually,
we didn't build the UI for this.
But you can imagine a world where
they can go visit a given user, and
maybe see all their posts, or
something along those lines.
So it makes sense to let
someone read something, right?
One quick thing that,
as I think about it is,
these security rules apply to
the entire document, right?
So if you're like, okay,
I want to let them read X, Y, and
Z properties, but not A, B, and C?
You should either make
a separate document, or
maybe a sub-document in a collection,
or something like that.
But you can't say,
only certain properties,
they can either read the document or
they can't read the document.
All right, and then we'll allow write if
the request.auth.uid == the userId
of the document, so this idea up here.
>> Steve: So we'll save that,
>> Steve: And
now we're gonna put it in the two places.
>> Steve: We'll go ahead,
and in the SignUp,
>> Steve: We're gonna say,
>> Steve: createUserProfileDocument,
with that user we just made,
plus the displayName,
that's that additional data.
>> Steve: All right, and
then in the Application
component,
>> Steve: We're
gonna say,
>> Steve: So
we should get back the full
user at this point.
We'll say, user, this needs to
become an asynchronous function.
>> Steve: We'll say user is,
>> Steve: Now,
if we think about the code, it
conditionally checks to see if it exists,
but it always returns,
getting the document, no matter what.
So it basically just saved us some
conditional logic, with this way,
we don't have to call both.
We can call it, it will only create
the document if it needs to, and
we'll get it back, no matter what.
>> Steve: We'll call this,
>> Steve: userAuth,
I just can't name them both user.